Docs/rendy migration guide (#1626)
amethyst/amethyst: book/src/appendices/b_migration_notes/rendy_migration.md

## Assets

* `SimpleFormat` trait has merged into `Format`.
* `Options` associated type has been removed.
* `NAME` associated constant is now a method call.
* `Format<A>` type parameter now takes in `Format<D>`, where `D` is `A::Data`.
* Implement `import_simple` instead of `import`.
* `Loader#load` no longer takes in the `Options` parameter.

## Input

* `Bindings<String, String>` is now `Bindings<StringBindings>`.
* `Bindings<AX, AC>` is now `Bindings<T>`, where `T` is a new type you must implement:

    ```rust
    pub struct ControlBindings;

    impl BindingTypes for ControlBindings {
        type Axis = PlayerAxisControl;
        type Action = PlayerActionControl;
    }
    ```

    Diff:

    ```patch
    -Bindings<PlayerAxisControl, PlayerActionControl>
    +Bindings<ControlBindings>
    ```

* `InputBundle` type parameters:

    ```patch
    -InputBundle::<String, String>::new()
    +InputBundle::<StringBindings>::new()
    ```

* `UiBundle` type parameters:

    ```patch
    +use amethyst::renderer::types::DefaultBackend;

    -UiBundle::<String, String>::new()
    +UiBundle::<DefaultBackend, StringBindings>::new()
    ```

## Window

> * `DisplayConfig`'s `fullscreen` field is now an `Option<MonitorIdent>`. `MonitorIdent` is `MonitorIdent(u16, String)`. What's that? Good question.

Reviewer: Elaborate?

Author: Linking to winit docs, but that's as far as I'll go (don't wanna dive into `winit` code just for this).

* `WindowBundle` is now separate from `amethyst_renderer`.

    ```rust
    use amethyst::window::WindowBundle;

>     game_data.with_bundle(WindowBundle::from_config_file(display_config_path))?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    game_data.with_bundle(WindowBundle::from_config_file(display_config_path))?;
```

    ```

## Renderer

* `amethyst::renderer::VirtualKeyCode` is now `amethyst::input::VirtualKeyCode`
* `amethyst::renderer::DisplayConfig` is now `amethyst::window::DisplayConfig`
* `amethyst::renderer::WindowEvent` is now `amethyst::window::WindowEvent`

> * `amethyst::renderer::Event` is no longer re-exported. Use `winit::Event`

Reviewer 2: winit is currently reexported in amethyst root, so renderer::Event is now amethyst::winit::Event.

> * `amethyst::renderer::Transparent` is now under `amethyst::renderer::transparent::Transparent`.

Reviewer 2: This also applies to Visibility (visibility::Visibility).

* `TextureHandle` type alias no longer exists, use `Handle<Texture>`.
* `Flipped` component is removed. You can specify `flipped` during sprite loading, or mutating `Transform` at run time.
* To load a texture in memory, you can't use `[0.; 4].into()` as the `TextureData` anymore. Use:

    ```rust
    use amethyst::{
        assets::{AssetStorage, Handle, Loader, Prefab, PrefabLoader},
        ecs::World,
        renderer::{
            loaders::load_from_srgba,
            palette::Srgba,
            types::TextureData,
            Texture,
        },
    };

    let loader = world.read_resource::<Loader>();
    let texture_assets = world.read_resource::<AssetStorage<Texture>>();
    let texture_builder = load_from_srgba(Srgba::new(0., 0., 0., 0.));
    let texture_handle: Handle<Texture> =
        loader.load_from_data(TextureData::from(texture_builder), (), &texture_assets);
    ```

> * `RenderBundle` and `Pipeline` are gone, now you need to do something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `RenderBundle` and `Pipeline` are gone, now you need to create a `RenderGraph`, for example:
```

    In `main.rs`:

    ```rust
    use amethyst::renderer::{types::DefaultBackend, RenderingSystem};

    use crate::render_graph::RenderGraph;

    mod render_graph;

    let game_data = GameDataBuilder::default()
        .with_bundle(WindowBundle::from_config(display_config))?
        .with_thread_local(RenderingSystem::<DefaultBackend, _>::new(
            RenderGraph::default(),

>         ))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ));
```

# Rendy: Migration Guide

## Audio

* `AudioFormat` no longer exists, you have to use the lower level types -- `Mp3Format`, `WavFormat`, `OggFormat`, `FlacFormat`.

## Assets

* `SimpleFormat` trait has merged into `Format`.

> * `Options` associated type has been removed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `FormatOptions` associated type has been removed; options are now stored in the format instance.
```

* `NAME` associated constant is now a method call.
* `Format<A>` type parameter now takes in `Format<D>`, where `D` is `A::Data`.
* Implement `import_simple` instead of `import`.

> * `Loader#load` no longer takes in the `Options` parameter.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `Loader::load` no longer takes in the `Options` parameter.
```

    }
    ```

    Diff:

    ```patch
    -Bindings<PlayerAxisControl, PlayerActionControl>
    +Bindings<ControlBindings>
    ```

* `InputBundle` type parameters:

    ```patch
    -InputBundle::<String, String>::new()
    +InputBundle::<StringBindings>::new()
    ```

* `UiBundle` type parameters:

    ```patch
    +use amethyst::renderer::types::DefaultBackend;

    -UiBundle::<String, String>::new()
    +UiBundle::<DefaultBackend, StringBindings>::new()
    ```

## Window

* `DisplayConfig`'s `fullscreen` field is now an `Option<MonitorIdent>`. `MonitorIdent` is `MonitorIdent(u16, String)`, indicating the native monitor display ID, and its [name](https://docs.rs/winit/0.19.1/winit/struct.MonitorId.html#method.get_name).
* `WindowBundle` is now separate from `amethyst_renderer`.

    ```rust
    use amethyst::window::WindowBundle;

    game_data.with_bundle(WindowBundle::from_config_file(display_config_path))?;
    ```

## Renderer

* `amethyst::renderer::VirtualKeyCode` is now `amethyst::input::VirtualKeyCode`
* `amethyst::renderer::DisplayConfig` is now `amethyst::window::DisplayConfig`
* `amethyst::renderer::WindowEvent` is now `amethyst::window::WindowEvent`

> * `amethyst::renderer::Event` is no longer re-exported. Use `amethyst::winit::Event`

Reviewer 3: Should we change this maybe?

Author: as in re export it again?

Reviewer 3: Yes

Author: The renderer bundle is decoupled from `winit` now, and `winit::Event` is used as one of the `StateEvent` variants to determine if the state machine should stop, so I believe re-exporting at the top level makes sense now.

Perhaps it should be feature gated for consumers who are not using `winit`, but shall leave that to a later date.
